you got you got you got you got you what
is shaking internet this is salts
bringing you some more how to tank LFR
for dummies okay this guide will be
covering at the 7th boss in the dragon
soul rate incidence which is the spine
of deathwing I'm going to cover it real
quick and yet it is probably the hardest
one to explain so first things first
once you start the encounter you're
going to see all these tentacles so
cross your fingers and pray that only
one person are 01 / they will only kill
one dps will only kill one of the
mutated corruptions so once one
corruption is down one of these hideous
amalgamations is going to pop up I'm not
going to cover any of their moves
because it doesn't matter in LFR at all
just tanked it main tank will be tanking
the hideous amalgamation off tank should
tank all of the corrupted Bloods that
spawn thereafter so once you kill one of
the one of the tentacles basically the
first thing is going to happen is the
hideous amalgamation is going to show up
then it will repeatedly spawn corrupted
Bloods as you can see over there the
corrupted Bloods up here and once they
die they live a little pool as you can
see here I am dragging the amalgamation
over those pools once a cryptid blood
dies it leaves a little pool and the
amalgamation absorbs those pools what
you want to do is you want to get the
amalgamation up to 9 pools before you
kill it so what's going to happen is
like I said kill one corruption let an
amalgamation spawn main tank tank the
amalgamation off tanks grab every single
blood that appears they only come about
eight seconds which is about the most
most abilities are taunting so you can
just grab it every eight seconds you
grab every single one you don't kill it
you just grab them and you take them
right in the middle so and then let's
see what's going on here so now that
every single Bloods killing they are
getting killed here we're trying to try
to tell them to stop so we've got the
amalgamation and you can see the little
counter up there it's now up to six
7 and once this blood next Blood dies
we'll go up to eight and then nine so
what here's the deal you want to get it
up to nine as soon as possible once it
gets tonight it does a huge raid wide
damage so you wanna so it's like you
don't want to get it to nine until it's
low health but you want to get it to
nine before it get before it dies right
now it's at nine and you kill it
immediately as soon as it gets to nine
DPS should be dpsing it down and no more
bloods are going to get sub absorbed in
once it gets once it dies it does its
nuclear blast you should run away it'll
explode it does major damage to
everybody that's close and then you have
about 15 seconds to kill this burning
tendon and you have to DPS it as much as
possible pop cooldowns to whatever you
need to do so you gotta kill the burning
tendons as fast as possible corrupted
buds Bloods will continue to spawn this
first one is a little bit slow but as
soon as the krupp the burning tendence
is done then boom away goes the armor
and you see two more tentacles so you
grab one new cynical and you rinse and
repeat you do this three times so we've
gotten one so there we go now
amalgamation is going to spawn there we
go I grabbed it and I tank it what I'm
going to do is I'm going to get it up to
I want to get it down the here's a good
here's a good rule of thumb you get it
down to about twenty-five percent as
soon as it hits 25% you run it over to
where all the bloods are dying
supposedly all the Bloods should be
elsewhere in the fight now here's
something that's stupid so somebody
killed an extra tentacle and this what
happens is a second amalgamation has
spawned the second amalgamation will
suck up more bloods and thus screw up
the fight and make everybody stupid
because this is one of the hardest thing
so what I'm going to do now is I'm going
to grab all the Bloods myself and just
get it up to 9 stacks as soon as
possible and then we'll kill it at the
wall all right now at the wall but that
you know the armor scale thing so I'm
grabbing all the Bloods I'm trying to
kill the blood soon as possible
what's up to seven and there's a second
amalgamation back there that you can see
so and we had double the Bloods because
people decided to kill another tentacle
as you can see over there are people
were stupid and they killed the tentacle
so now there we go let's get it up to
nine there you go soon as it's up to
nine bring it over here real quick it's
got to be close to the to the wall
otherwise the nuclear blast doesn't work
the nuclear blast is what rips off the
armor so there you go boom and what are
you doing why am i running over here
shouldn't be running over here oh I'm
just grabbing all the stuff and like say
let's go I'm trying to pull him pull the
amalgamation over here even though we
really need to we don't need to kill the
skull with your steering so yes we need
to kill the tendon the tendon if you
don't kill it within 15 seconds it seals
it up and you have to do it all over
again so please kill the tendon this is
a rinse and repeat fight you basically
know these the basic the basic idea is
that there's an amalgamation you want to
get it to 9 stacks and make it blow up
at the armor if you don't make it blow
up at the armor it will not be doing
armor you have to do another
amalgamation up to 9 stacks the
corruptive bloods will continuously
spawn from every single tentacle that
dies corrupted bloods don't do anything
they don't do much damage or anything
special like that you don't have to
worry about it but you you have to get
up to 9 stacks so that it can blow up if
it if it dies before it gets to 9 stacks
nothing happens if it dies after not all
right what if it gets to 9 stacks it
starts doing AoE damage so I'm basically
just repeating myself here you get the
amalgamation main tank gets this off
tank gets all the Bloods and any excess
of amalgamations if somebody stupid and
a second amalgamation spawns you
definitely want the off tank to grab it
you definitely want the off tank to
always just grab it no reason for it so
there you go so nuclear blast and kill
the tendons that's it you really can't
do anything about the tendons if pray
that your dps is good enough to kill the
tendons and
think the tendon dies then you win if
you do it the third time this is the
third time so it should die and that's
it I mean it's a straightforward fight
but it's so hard to get this right
because it depends on so many people
yeah skip that skip it skip it and there
we go that is the end of the fight
hopefully this has been helpful uh I
really apologize but I can't really
explain it any better than that um good
luck and this is a very intensive fight
for everybody but the healers on LFR I
think but it is what it is so hopefully
you uh do it very well good luck to you
and as always you keep its salt sea
internet